Oh, you know, I don't know...
Are you sure that's true?
No, that's not true, I'm really not speaking English.
Does that sound like a letter?
I'm not sure.
I think you can speak Spanish, but that's true.
I... I'm not sure.
I'm not sure how it's true, but I'm not sure.
And really, that's what's correct in English, right?
Ha, when I say, know the clown.
No baby abéreto esa pregunta, ej?
Ej supo comi jante, ser de stigo de tous spécunios momento sombore aus.
De quelky manner al shounos particular mente grado de blicos personality de dÓo su bein character.
En tons des que es lo que bess en el.
Bueno?
Our queso vino moire avare, biento auso sabilitar es apertilésas.
Ee su aparentemente.
I saw some music and it was really impressive.
It was amazing, it was amazing, it was amazing, it was amazing, it was amazing, it was amazing, it was amazing.